Update CUSTOM-RULES.md (#8347)
smogon/pokemon-showdown: config/CUSTOM-RULES.md

`Alola Pokedex` - allow only Pokémon in the Alola Pokédex (US/UM)

> `Galar Pokedex` - allow only Pokémon in the Galar Pokédex (SW/SH) [Ban pokemon you can catch in the adventures but are not listed in the pokedex like Ultracreatures, Landorus, etc...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Galar Pokedex` - allow only Pokémon in the Galar Pokédex (SW/SH) [Ban Pokémon you can catch in the adventures but are not listed in the Pokédex like Ultra Beasts and Landorus]
```
